
                               Forward Annotation
                               ------------------

                      09:54 PM Thursday, December 01, 2016
Job Name: C:\Users\PAULGWF\Documents\SwARM\hardware\SwARM_Schematics_annex\PCB\PCB.pcb


Version:  01.01.00

     A new Target PDB will be created from the Central Library to satisfy the parts
      requirements of the iCDB.

     The schematic source is a Common Data Base.

     The AllowAlphaRefDes status indicates that reference
      designators containing all alpha characters should be deleted
      and the relevant symbols repackaged.



     Common Data Base has been read

     Target PDB Name: Work\Layout_Temp\PartsDB.pdb

     Number of Part Numbers: 3
          Part Numb: 10-0057 -> Vend Part: 10-0057 
          Part Numb: 10-0103 -> Vend Part: 10-0103 
          Part Numb: 80-0067 -> Vend Part: 80-0067 

     Number of Part Names: 0

     Number of Part Labels: 0


     Checking for value differences between symbol properties and PartsDB properties

     Checking the validity of the packaging of prepackaged schematic
      symbols.  Only the first error in symbols having the same
      Reference Designator will be reported.

     The packaging of all prepackaged schematic symbols is consistent
      with the Parts DataBase data for the cross mapping of
      symbol pin names to Part Number pin numbers.
      Symbols that were not prepackaged will now be packaged correctly.
      
     No errors in Existing Schematic Packaging.

     INFO: Cell DXF_SVG battery is not in Central Library - Using local library.

     The Common DataBase has been read and will be packaged.
     Clustering 3 Symbols:
               3  **
     Clustering is Complete

     Packager Assignments successfully completed



     8 nets were found containing 18 pins
     3 components were found

     Creating a formatted Schematic Netlist (LogFiles\SchematicNetlist.txt)...
     A formatted Schematic Netlist has been created.

     The Logic DataBase has been compiled from the Schematic Design.
      Use Netload to bring the Component Design into sync.

     Logic Data has been successfully Compiled with no errors or warnings.
      Please proceed with your component Design.
                                     NetLoad
                                     -------

                      09:54 PM Thursday, December 01, 2016
Job Name: C:\Users\PAULGWF\Documents\SwARM\hardware\SwARM_Schematics_annex\PCB\PCB.pcb


Version:  02.11.12

	Netloading the Layout.  Unused components will be deleted.

	Unconnected pins will be set to net "(Net0)".

	Schematic reference designator changes will be forward annotated.


	WARNING:  "C9" is being forward annotated to "C1".

	WARNING:  "C18" is being forward annotated to "C2".

	WARNING:  "R9" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R8" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  The old version of "C1" is being removed from the Layout.

	WARNING:  "U3" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "Q2" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "D1" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R6" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R2" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R7" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R3" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "D2" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "J8" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "J1" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "J2" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "J4" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R31" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "Q8" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "Q9" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R32" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C15" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "J5" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "U7" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C7" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C21" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C11" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R10" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R4" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "QZ1" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C19" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C20" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "U6" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C14" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R14" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C16" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C24" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C17" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "J9" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "J6" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R30" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  The old version of "C2" is being removed from the Layout.

	WARNING:  "Q5" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R15" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R11" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "J10" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "J11" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "L2" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R26" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C26" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R23" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R25" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "U8" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C13" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C5" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R29" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R27" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C31" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C32" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R18" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "L1" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R19" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C3" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R22" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C8" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R20" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "D3" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C10" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "U4" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "U2" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "J7" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "J3" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "Q1" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R12" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "Q4" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R13" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "Q3" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R1" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C6" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "R5" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C4" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

	WARNING:  "C12" is being removed from the Layout since it is no longer in the schematic.

     The following 3 components have not been placed:

        C1
        C2
        U1

     Netload completed successfully with 82 warning(s).
     
     Back Annotating...

  Updating Logic Database...

     Version:  99.00.05

     No changes made to Existing Schematic Packaging.


     There is no symbol data to be back annotated to the schematic source.


     The Logic DataBase has been updated and the Common DataBase has
      automatically been brought into sync with the Logic DataBase.
      Please proceed with your design.

     Finished updating the Logic Database.

     Creating a formatted Schematic Netlist (LogFiles\AfterBakAnnoNetlist.txt)...
     A formatted Schematic Netlist has been created.

     Creating a new netlist text file (LogFiles\KeyinNetList.txt)
      from the Logic Database (Work\Layout_Temp\LogicDB.lgc)...
  A new netlist text file has been generated.



                 Beginning Netload on the Layout Design.
           ---------------------------------------------------

Some nets were completely deleted from the Layout Design....
	Deleted net ENABLE_MTR_L, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net ENABLE_MTR_R, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net INFRA_LED_L, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net INFRA_LED_R, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net INFRA_TRA_L, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net INFRA_TRA_R, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net IR_LED, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net MPU_INT, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net MPU_I2C_SCL, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net MPU_I2C_SDA, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net MTR_L_1, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net MTR_L_2, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net MTR_R_1, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net MTR_R_2, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net PHASE_MTR_L, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net PHASE_MTR_R, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net SPI_LED_CK, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net SPI_LED_DO, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net SWCLK, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net SWDAT, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net USB_DM, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net USB_DP, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG020140, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG020142, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030001, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030002, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030005, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG060006, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net IR_LED_ADAPTED, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net LED_CK_5V, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net LED_DO_5V, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net MCU_nSHUTDOWN, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net VCC5, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG020157, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030053, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030102, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net VBAT_PROBE, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030141, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030142, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030147, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030149, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030154, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030155, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030156, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030157, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net IR_LED_L, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net IR_LED_L_ADAPTED, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net IR_LED_R, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net IR_LED_R_ADAPTED, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG020166, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG020170, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG011020, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG011022, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG011041, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030170, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030172, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030175, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030189, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030197, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.
	Deleted net XSIG030198, which has no pins, from the Layout Design.

Forward-Annotation on the Layout Design has been successfully completed.

There were 0 reassignments of nets.
There were 0 traces broken back.
There were 60 nets removed from the Layout Design.